mw THE CHILD OF THE MOAT

as the bottom rested on the arm of a weighted lever.
It looked very gloomy inside but the children were de-
termined to go on. They then found that there was just
comfortable room for them to go backwards down the
stairs and that there would have been room even for a
big man to manage it without much difficulty. T> -e
were many cobwebs and once or twice their light t rea,
ened to go out; but at lest they reached th p\‘om,
crawling on hands and knees the whole wor. Thor
they found a long narrow pasmge, in the *) ckne$ of the

wall, of immense length. They went aho« this lor a
great distance and then began to po. ie shod.

“*Where ever can we have got tof’ A vdry said at
length.

“It is quite clear that we are wrong,”’ sald Aline,
‘as the library, we know, » ‘ust o* the bottom of the
newel.stair and th Yoo! a9’ 1 \)*’ the seeret room was
just undernea’’ the | wary Ve must go back.”

“*What if we oo wrong age and low our way alto-
gether, 5 “tae, acd never pet out of this horrible place?”

It was a ‘ceri’ thought; and the damp smell and
forbidding look. > \arrow stone passage had a strange
effect on the children’s nerves. Then another thought
occurred to Aline that made them still more nervous.
There were oceasional slits along the wall for ventilation
and she remembered the words that she had read by
chance when she first discovered the use of the parch-
ment. Supposing that their light should be seen; what
would happen to them then? and yet they dare not put
it out and be left in the dark.

“*I wish that we had never come,’ said Andry as they
burried along the difficult pamage. They reached the

