THE LUSITANIA’S LAST VOYAGE
twas notacute, and so Dhad no dificulty in
making my way to and frors rsy cabin I
tiedonadife belt, took the others an the room
andoaimy sanall leather case conta:mneg my
business paper, and went upon deck to the
port side To went back to the spot where I
hid deft the Habbards. bat they had gone,
and Tnever saw then: again

I found those who neeted the hfe belts,
put thers on, ted them property, and Chen
went aft along the port) ude of the ship,
for To owas confident: that) all bands would
naturally mast to the sturboun! wade and so
there would be rere opportunity to help
along the port side) To turned and walked
for and toward the bndye. and Captian ‘Tar-
nee and Captain Anderson were both calling
in ostentoman tones sot to lower away the
boats, ordering of PBMACHLeTs and sanom to
getoutof them, waing that Chere wos nu dan-
Rerand thatthe Wp would float. A woman

( 10 )

